# PenCheck Coding Exercise

Create a basic CRUD application that behaves as described below. Write the application in a manner that you would in your daily work.

The files can be open in VisualStudio

# Start Debugging 

 Start the VueJS debug server
``` bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run serve
```

Press F5 to start running the ASP.net Server

#SQLite
The SQLite database file is located in the project folder (Pencheck.db).  It will contain all the data locally.

# Directory Structure
There are 2 sections in the directory structure.  The "frontend" folder contains the VueJS frontend.  The remaining folders are used by the ASP.net backend.
I am not sure if you prefer a backend and frontend folder.  I just stuck to the way the VisualStudio creates projects.

## Controllers
These are the controllers for the models.  This contains all the API calls for the models.  This code was generated by the VisualStudio controller scaffolding.

## Data
These are the DataContext files to connect the models to the database connection (persistant data).

## Frontend
This contains the VueJS frontend code.  The VueJS takes advantage of Axios for API calls and BootstrapVue to use Bootstrap.

## Migrations
Contains all the database modifications.

## Models
Contains all the data models used in the application.  There are basically 2 models, the Plan and Participant.

## Pages
Contains the template pages.


# Design Choices
Overall to keep the time down, I limited the amount of UX.  There is a lot of things I would have done differently with more time.  But the basic functionally it there.


## Plan-To-Participant
To make things simple, I made the participant only capable of being in a single project.
This made it easier to assoicate the pariticipant to a single entry of the plan within the participant data.
If the participant could be in more than one plan, then I would have changed the scheme differently.  I would need to think about how to handle when a participant is deleted.

## Add Plan Button
To make things go quicker, I just made the button available when any typing was does in the textbox.  I could have made it an enabled and disabled button to always have the button present.

## UX
I tried to the minimum UX.  Obviously there are many places that things can be improved.

## DB scheme
I could have added a lot more to the database schema like date created and modified.

## Pagnation
To handle thousands of participants, I would add pagnation to list all the participants and plans.

## Link the Participants in Plan to the Edit Page
I would have linked the participants in the plan page to there edit page to quickly edit a user.  

## INNER JOIN
I would have done an INNER JOIN with the participant and plan data, so I would have the plan information for each participant.  I felt is was implied that this would have been done during production, but not necessary right now.

## Vuex
I did not need to utilize anything like Vuex.  The plans could have been stored globally to reduce the server calls.